hello and welcome to this society short
mind on tasting on the first thing to do
is choose a glass the ideal glass should
have a larger bowl and shoot taper
slightly towards the rim of the glass
next fill the glass with a small amount
of wine no more than a third full to
avoid spilling it now the fourth step
choose when tasting wine correspond to
our senses sight smell taste and touch
the first of these is site so looking at
the wine in the glass I hold the glass
at a 45 degree angle and check that it
is bright and clear I also have a look
at the color of the wine this wins a
nice purple color which shows it's a
young red wine next have a good smell of
the wine so have a sniff of it in the
glass put your nose into the glass and
smell it what we're smelling for is to
check that the wine is in good condition
and has no faults and this wine smells
very pleasant next holding the glass by
the stem swirl it around to try and get
some oxygen into the glass which helps
to open it up and then we want to take
another sniff and this time we want to
smell for the rumors that we can
identify now there are four categories
of aromas when it comes to talking about
wine and fruit floral spice vegetal this
wine to me smells of a fruit red fruit
with a hint of spice so think about what
you're actually smelling what those
aromas are and what they remind you of
and try to put that into words next we
come on to taste and tasting the wine is
reaffirming what we've seen and smelled
in the glass already you want to take a
small mouth full of wine and to take in
some air as well and to press your lips
and make sure that your circulating the
wine all around your mouth so that it
covers all the areas and that you
wrong impression of the wine in your
man's think about the flavors do the
flavors taste the same as the aromas
that we've smelled earlier is the wine
interesting does it taste of several
things not just one flavor think about
the touch the texture how the wine feeds
in the mouth how weighty it feels or
whether it's light in the mouth and how
long the flavors last in the mouth which
indicates also the quality of the wine
how long it remains with these steps
hopefully you will get even more
enjoyment out of each glass of wine
chips